Hello my friends.
I hope you're feeling amazing and I hope mostly that you tried predicting that new resolve yourself.
And if you did.
I'm sure you succeeded.
And if not that's okay because we're now about to succeed together.
All right let's do this.
Let's create a new Kotel here to make that prediction.
And so now you know with what we did previously with the SVR or it's gonna seem so simple because indeed
in order to make that prediction since there was no future Skilling needed for a decision tree regression.
Well we just have to take our regrets or from which we just need to call the predict method and then
inside what do we have to input.
Well no transform method of course because there was no feature scaling but only that observation.
Six point five for which we would like to have the corresponding salary.
And then remember how we need to format that single position level of six point five.
We have to put it of course in a 2D array by adding here a double pair of square brackets inside which
you will put your observation six point five.
All right.
As simple as that.
And now.
Well the exercise is done.
We are ready to get this prediction is predicted salary of the position of six point five.
So let's see.
Let's see what our decision tree regression all returns compare to not only the previous predictions
of our other regression models but also you know compared to what this person mentioned to earn in this
previous company.
All right so let's execute the cell and the predicted salary of the decision true regression model for
are specific case.
He is one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
So before we make any comment on this because you know if we really stick to the scenario of our case
study well this prediction would actually be bad because it would be lower than the requested salary
of this employee and therefore that would not be good.
But let's not comment on this because then you'll see as I told you that the visualization of the decision
to re regression results will not be pretty.
And that's because as I told you at the beginning of this section the decision tree regression model
is clearly not the best model to use on a single feature dataset.
Right.
It is more adapted to datasets with many features a high dimensional dataset and that's totally fine
because the code we are implementing here can be very easily used on other datasets with other features.
That's what I explained in the first story of the section with you know the only one or two changes
to make in the data repricing phase but I still want to show you the visualization results because we
can only do this in 2D.
That's why I chose this simple dataset it's in order to show you at the end what the regression curve
looks like for each of the regression models.
And so we're going to still visualize that for the decision true regression model but you will see that
it will be clearly not well adapted.
All right.
So congratulation for that prediction.
And now in the final tutorial this section we will plot the decision through regression curve in high
resolution to see what it looks like.
And until then enjoy machine learning.